Add a link to tiup in hardware and software requirements (#3975)
pingcap/docs: hardware-and-software-requirements.md

> **Note:**
>

> > It is required that you [deploy TiUP on the control machine](/tiup/tiup-documentation-guide.md) to operate and manage TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is required that you [deploy TiUP on the control machine](/production-deployment-using-tiup#第-2-步在中控机上安装-tiup-组件) to operate and manage TiDB clusters.
```

> > It is required that you [deploy TiUP on the control machine](/production-deployment-using-tiup#step-2-install-tiup-on-the-control-machine) to operate and manage TiDB clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
> It is required that you [deploy TiUP on the control machine](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md#step-2-install-tiup-on-the-control-machine) to operate and manage TiDB clusters.
```
